Hutson Mason who was lightly recruited
senior year of high school as soon as
Georgia offered after his senior season
he accepted almost transferred but state
in the backfield with Mason his second
full ride into the hands of Nick Shaw
began across the 50
ason keeps position early on but they
need that bad
action
Mason to the sun block
only loose ball careful with protecting
the football one of the things that
Missouri does a really nice job of is
closing on the football and tackling
remember Carter this is a defense that
was exceptional called his DBS probably
the worst tell in the history of the SEC
motivation Mason throwing deep on first
down complete
play-action
some days in a way
two third-down success when you have a
run that gets stuffed on first down in
an incompletion on second
for the screen it's blown by brantley it
is no grinding offense this is what we
talked about that third down Missouri
has
dumps it off to shop
diving tour
Mason second to me
sure at some point in this band
Mason
a vertical passing game so he
catches vigil
Mason 34
first down Georgian quarterbacks best
friend and a week ago was Jeb blazevich
that was getting targeted often Mason
his 10 4 11 passing even three
incomplete intended for Malcolm Mitchell
he's got one on one coverage down here
at the bottom is he the safety dropout
coming over late but the ball is just
outside
Hutson Mason right and stride extremely
accurate on the simple out to the
second smash for Georgia is
the role again
the signal is touchdown Missouri this
time just over committing to chub look
at all the hats on number 27 leaving a
clear lane for number 14 but that's the
third fumble albeit after a touchdown DC
Malcolm Mitchell again
complete to put the pressure on Mason
Mason into the park around here
and coverage
here they come on third and five Mason
deliver
first down georgia he's able to read
defenses know where his reads are in
stride Hutson Mason when those short
passes is very effective they action
side the tannin come back into tailback
listen to the end zone touchdown georgia
Hudson Mason's accuracy is outstanding
just a good route and one-on-one
coverage look at the location of where
he put that football in the back to foot
square box of the end zone
Mason hey
catch this but again maty mauk is only
come
I see it again
Mason throws it away it's for pointing
well
the years
on third and six play-action dragging
receiver complete first down Georgia yep
blazevich I got a big game a week ago
this is just a drag its man coverage
late number two has to be able to get
over there for backing up Erin Murray
made sure than three years ago
incomplete intended for Chris Conley
the press release act we're number 27
will make the pay for it that's the
third time that Missouri ran themselves
out of the place and some more time in
protection screen job nothing there
Mason play action on third long room to
run Mason pulls it slides first down
Georgia inside the Missouri 40 today and
that's what good teams do they rise up
against a diversity in James Mason be
the air again complete that's Michael
Bennett